DOCS-2313: Improve notification URL for ecommerce integrations page (continued) (#1862)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integration/self-made/next-steps.md

---
title: 'Next steps'
breadcrumb_title: "Next steps"
layout: 'single'
meta_title: 'Build your integration – Next steps - MultiSafepay Docs'
logo: '/svgs/Wrappers.svg'

> short_description: 'Build your own payments integration with our API, wrappers or SDKs'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: 'Build your own payments integration with our API, wrappers, or SDKs.'
```

weight: 1
url: '/integrations/self-made/next-steps/'
---

> Congratulations! You've successfully created an order, configured your webhook endpoint and set up your web server to handle notifications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You've successfully created an order, configured your webhook endpoint, and set up your web server to handle notifications. 
```
